♪ Carrying a painful past
That can't be erased ♪
♪ Don't let go of your will
To live ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Your hand that I held... ♪
♪ Will we someday lose it? ♪
♪ I want to protect you
And your smile ♪
♪ That's slowly disappearing ♪
♪ Even your resonating voice ♪
♪ That calls my name
Has dried up ♪
♪ Sometimes it is erased
By the wind ♪
♪ I will find you ♪
♪ You're hurt by incurable pain
And sadness ♪
♪ Don't say words like
You can't smile anymore ♪
♪ Or you hate people ♪
♪ There's a meaning
To everything that happens ♪
♪ In the unforeseeable future ♪
♪ Stay the way you are ♪
♪ There will come a day
When you realize ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ You're the only... ♪
♪ Someday you'll understand ♪
[♪♪♪]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Unh. Damn it.
This hangover is killing me.
Dumbass, I drank more
than you, and I feel fine.
It's your smoking that makes you
feel like crap every morning.
Unh! Shut up!
I didn't hear you give me
crap like that yesterday
after I kicked your ass.
Want some more?
Yeah? Come on.
Bring it!
Draw your sword, you
arrogant little punk,
and I'll polish you off and then
sweep you up with the trash.
Polish me off?
Who the hell talks
like that anymore?
You better get ready
to die, old man.
[GRUNTING]
[WIND BLOWING]
Hm?
Huh?
What the hell kind
of a sound is that?
BOTH [IN UNISON]:
Aah! Good morning, Captain
Zaraki! What a surprise!
Thanks for giving us the honor
of sweeping the streets for you!
Aah!
[♪♪♪]
BOTH:
Huh?
If you two are gonna goof off,
try to be so obvious about it.
And you'd better get this
street clean enough to eat off,
or I'll kill you both.
You heard the man.
Keep up the good work if
you want to live. Heh-heh-heh.
Why the hell would
the captain have
that fool Aramaki
tagging along with him?
Forget that.
Weren't there two women
riding on Zaraki's back
instead of just one?
Well, just which way am I
supposed to go now, woman.
I think it's probably that--
No! It's this way!
That hurt!
What was that
for, Yachiru?
That wasn't
very nice.
Ha-ha-ha. Kenny knows
it's this way, too.
Don't you Kenny?
Perhaps we would
be better off
just listening
to Orihime, Captain.
After all, the lieutenant
is not exactly known
for her accurate sense
of direction.
Perhaps you should shut
up, cueball head. Ptooey.
Oh, I'm gonna
kill her for that!
Hey, come on.
Keep your cool, now.
You have to admit,
Ikkaku,
you were kind of
asking for that one.
Enough of all your bickering.
I'm just gonna go
with my instincts.
All right!
That's an excellent plan, sir.
You go, Kenny, and we'll
follow you anywhere.
You're the best!
[BIRD CHIRPING]
URYU:
Huh?
A little butterfly just
flew into the room.
Such a fragile thing. Heh.
Does this mean that it's
spring in the Soul Society.
Oh, great. Now he's
seeing butterflies
and talking to himself.
Why don't you see
if you can catch
the pretty butterflies, Uryu.
What? Why would
I do that?
And where do you get off
calling me by my first name.
You are nowhere near a close
enough friend for that.
And if you're gonna
make insulting comments
about chasing butterflies,
then you never will be.
Hey, who said I
wanted to be friends
with an oddball like
you in the first place?
URYU:
You must have thought
you could be my friend,
or you never would
have called me that.
GANJU:
It's part of the Shiba clan
legacy to always reach out
in friendship, even to those
who don't deserve it.
URYU:
What kind of
ridiculous legacy is that?
[GROWLS]
Shh.
[CROWD CHATTERING]
Huh?
What?
What's wrong?
Listen.
Don't you hear that?
Both: Hm?
[CROWD CHATTERING]
Yeah, now that
you mention it.
MAN 1: Aah! What are you doing?
MAN 2: Get out of here!
MAN 1: Get out of his way.
[MEN SHOUTING]
Well, whatever it
is, it does seem
like it's headed
this way, huh?
I'm sure it's just
some kind local parade
or celebration
or something.
You think so?
[BOTH SCREAM]
GANJU: What the hell?
We're done for!
We're all gonna die! Aah!
Unh. It's you.
But how can this be?
[♪♪♪]
Aah! I never wanted
to see you again,
Captain Kenpachi Zaraki.
Huh?
Not you, too.
I remember your stupid
haircut and your massive ego.
I wish I could say the same.
I have a good memory
for the faces I've seen,
with the exception
of the ugly ones.
Hm. You don't know what you're
talking about, pretty boy.
The fact is,
everyone tells me
that I look cooler than ever
with all these bandages on.
Besides, how could
you recognize me
from before with
my face covered?
Interesting that he didn't
argue about being ugly.
[FEMALE GROANING]
Hm?
[♪♪♪]
Huh? Orihime?
Huh?
Oh, hey, Uryu, Chad, and Ganju.
I'm so glad to see
the three of you are all okay.
Unh! Ow, Yachiru! Stop. Stop!
[LAUGHING]
MAN:
Byakuya, sir.
It is almost time, master.
You should leave
for the Sokyoku.
Very well, then.
I'm off now, Hisana.
TETSUZAEMON:
Aah! This is terrible!
How could I do
such a thing? Aah!
[GRUNTING]
A thousand pardons,
my captain.
Somehow, I fell asleep
sitting on the toilet,
and I'm late arriving
to assist you.
Please allow me to kill
myself as punishment.
KOMAMURA:
Never mind that.
Calm yourself, Tetsuzaemon.
Everything is fine.
All the preparations
have been made.
Uh...huh?
You needn't take the blame
for everything, Tetsuzaemon.
Huh?
Well, thank you
for saying so, sir.
Don't try to hide it.
You're worried, aren't you?
[GASPS]
You think I may yet doubt the
legitimacy of this execution.
And so you've been making
excuses and arriving late
to give me more time
so I can think it through
until I'm convinced.
Uh, exactly so, sir.
Do not worry.
I have no doubts.
[GASPS]
My loyalty and dedication to
Captain Yamamoto are absolute.
When I was despised
and made an outcast
because of my appearance,
he was the only one
who believed in me.
Why would I not spend
the whole of my spirit
to repay that debt to him?
I have no doubts.
If he should ask,
I would give my life.
How about you,
Kaname?
[♪♪♪]
For me, the path
ahead is crystal clear.
The road
the sightless eyes choose
will always be the one
not dyed red with blood.
And I believe that you and
I walk the same path, Sajin.
[MAN CHEWING]
What an annoyance.
What a pain in the ass.
As if it wasn't bad
enough with these Ryokas
sneaking around and then
some kind of murder.
Now we got captains
and lieutenants
all arguing about whether the
execution is legit or not.
What's there to talk about
when the superiors have made
their final decision?
Pretty stupid, don't
you think, Captain?
SUI-FENG:
Idiotic.
Huh?
I have no interest in
who's right or wrong.
I am interested
only in the mission
and in executing my orders
as the captain of Squad 2.
I kill enemies.
That's all there is.
Yeah, huh? I guess so.
SUI-FENG:
You, too, Marechiyo.
You had best remember
where your loyalty lies.
If you cross me,
or try to get in my way,
then you, too, are my enemy.
[♪♪♪]
Yeah. Well, I'll be sure
to remember that.
[CRUNCH]
[MAN HUMMING]
[WOMAN GRUNTING]
Here you are,
Captain.
I've been looking for you
for an hour now.
What are you doing
just lying there? Get up.
You've gotta get ready
to go to the Sokyoku.
Well, I can't
get up just now.
I seem to be having a little
problem here at the moment.
Tell me what you
think I should do.
[♪♪♪]
Why?
What is it?
KYORAKU:
Okay. You see, I put
this blade of grass in my mouth,
thinking it would relax me.
But I guess it must
be toxic or something,
because now,
the more I chew it,
the more I can feel it burning
the inside of my mouth.
Try
spitting it out!
Let me ask you,
Nanao, what do you
think I should do?
It doesn't matter what I think.
And we both know that.
Regardless of any
advice I might give you,
you'll just go
right ahead
and do what you were
going to do anyway.
But don't worry about it.
I'll be sure to walk
several steps behind you
when we get there.
That way, I won't get dragged
into whatever trouble you cause.
That's too bad.
[GROANS]
That means
I'll be on my own.
And old man Yamamoto
will blame it all on me.
[GASPS]
[CROWD GASPING]
ZARAKI:
Another dead end.
Well,
let me explain.
You see,
it's not that easy.
Guiding a big group
through a city
is really more luck
than it is science.
ORIHIME:
Sure, you could run
into dead ends 10 or 12 times
before finding your way.
I told you we shouldn't
let the lieutenant lead.
What would you expect to happen
when you follow someone around
who has no sense of direction?
Huh?
Aah! Someone get
this creature off me!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Captain?
Yes?
You should be ashamed
of yourselves, boys,
sneaking around like that.
Show yourselves.
Hiding your spiritual pressure
in order to stalk others
is no way for a captain to act.
[♪♪♪]
[BANG]
KOMAMURA:
Your arrogance knows
no bounds, Kenpachi,
to talk that way, given what
you appear to be involved in.
[ALL GASPING]
What are you doing
with these Ryoka?
Did you lose your self-respect
when you were defeated?
Ugh. Captain Komamura,
Captain Tosen, Lieutenant Iba
and Lieutenant Hisagi?
Oh, damn.
Don't get your
panties in a twist.
We still outnumber
them almost two to one.
Yeah, but it's not
numbers I'm worried about.
ZARAKI: Quit whining.
[BOTH GASP]
Who ever said any
of you are going
to be in this fight
in the first place?
[♪♪♪]
After all, even taking these
guys on four against one
won't give my blade much
more than a little practice.
KOMAMURA:
Four to one, you say.
So, you think
you are good enough
to fight all of us
by yourself, Kenpachi?
Though your strength
is well known, Captain,
it is no match for
your excessive self-confidence,
as you will soon learn.
[♪♪♪]
ZARAKI:
You talk too much, Sajin.
Just hurry up
and fight already.
And the four of you had better
attack at the same time.
If you come at me
from all four sides,
then one of you might actually
be able to wound me.
Uh, Captain, sir?
Um. What about us?
What'll we do, sir?
Go! You'll just
get in the way.
Okay, okay.
But he didn't have
to be so mean about it.
Come on. Get
over it, Whiskers.
Kenny's happy right now.
Believe me, you don't
want to mess with that.
MAKIZO:
Don't tell me you've changed
my nickname to Whiskers!
We're
gonna go now!
We'll go find Ichigo,
and you catch up later.
Okay,
Kenny?
[♪♪♪]
ZARAKI:
I'll be right there.
Muscles, Jiggles, Monkey,
Pencil, let's get going!
Uh,
what did you say?
[BELL DINGS]
Huh?
Did I just
get nicknamed Pencil?
Oh, you'll figure
it out eventually.
You too, Whiskers.
Run everybody, run!
MAN 1: Wait for me!
MAN 2: We're coming!
MAN 1:
I'm not staying here!
I'll be right there, huh.
It seems you're deliberately
trying to provoke us now.
Or do you really believe
you can defeat
all four of us that easily?
Either way, it looks like
you've lost your grasp
on sanity, Kenpachi.
ZARAKI:
Ha, sanity.
What would I do with
something as useless as that?
Lucky for me, I never
had any such thing.
ORIHIME:
Yachiru, wait a minute!
Hm?
Are you sure it's a good
idea to leave your captain?
He's pretty heavily
outnumbered back there.
Oh, no problem.
Those guys could never beat
Kenny, even if was 20 to one!
Yachiru.
MAKIZO:
This Ryoka girl
sure has some nerve,
calling the lieutenant
by her first name like that.
Either that or she's crazy!
Right, you two? Can you
believe nerve of this girl?
What do you think, sir?
Huh? Hey, where did they go?
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Captain, allow me.
And me. Let the two of us
go first, Captain.
You idiots.
I told you I want all four
of you to attack me at once.
YUMICHIKIA:
You think so little
of us you would send in
only your lieutenants?
Huh?
What an insult
to our captain.
If that's the case, sir, then
the two of us should go first.
What the-- Why didn't
you two clear out
along with the others,
like I told you?
Listen, all four of you.
You've got a lot
of nerve to think
your two lousy lieutenants
are good enough
to take on Squad 11's
Captain Zaraki by themselves.
In fact, you should be happy
just to have me
as your opponent.
Right, Captain?
Ha. So in other words,
you two clowns
wanna get in on the fight?
All right, then. Go.
I'll
give them over to you.
But take it somewhere else,
so you don't get in my way.
Or I'll have to kill
you both myself.
BOTH [IN UNISON]:
Thank you, sir.
I can hardly believe
what I'm hearing.
You guys arguing over
who's going to fight us.
You certainly have
gotten pretty cocky
since the last time
I saw you Ikkaku.
A coward who had to
transfer to another squad
just because he
couldn't make the grade
and become a lieutenant in ours
has no business
lecturing me, Tetsuzaemon.
You're going to pay
for that, Ikkaku.
Well, if I do, it won't
be here. Let's get moving.
I have no desire to be
killed by our captain.
Yes, let's do it.
Are you two ready to take
this fight somewhere else?
It won't matter.
You'll die just the same.
ZARAKI:
All right, then.
We can finally get
down to business.
Of course, your number
has been cut by half.
This will probably
be no more of a workout
than my morning exercises.
And still, you brag.
I think the time has come
to put an end...
to your arrogance!
Here I come!
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
Now stand back, Sajin.
I will break all his limbs.
Suzumushi Nishki.
Benihiko!
[♪♪♪]
It's over.
Not even Kenpachi Zaraki could
have survived such an attack.
[ZARAKI LAUGHING]
That's it?
That's all you got?
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
Impossible.
Tenken, Benihiko, how
can he still be standing?
ZARAKI:
Oh, dear.
Forget what I said before.
My morning exercise
is tougher than this.
Well then, I guess
I'll be going.
ICHIGO:
All right.
Tell me
the truth, Yoruichi.
What do you think?
Do you still think he's
going to be able to do this?
[♪♪♪]
Because we're out of time.
Can he really
reach Bankia today?
[GASPING]
Let's go, Ichigo.
One more time now.
And let me be clear.
Just because the hour
is drawing near,
I don't intend
to go easy on you.
No, of course, you won't.
And that's because I'm
not gonna give you
the chance to go easy on me.
Renji.
Hm?
Do you remember the first time
when you were a child
that you stood up
and walked on your own?
What?
Of course not.
No one remembers
anything that early.
If you don't remember doing
it, and yet you did it,
it means that you weren't
conscious of it at the time.
So how did you
know how to do it?
Huh?
YORUICHI:
The answer is all humans
are born already knowing
how to stand up, just as birds
are born knowing how to fly,
and fish are born
already knowing how to swim.
It's because of what
we call instinct.
All living creatures
use instinct
to obtain their
natural powers
when the time comes
that they need them.
That's what Ichigo's face
reminds me of.
I think he knows instinctively,
somewhere deep down inside,
that he has that power.
And that is why I still believe
that he will be the one
to reach Bankai.
[SHOUTING]
[PEOPLE SINGING IN JAPANESE
AND ENGLISH]
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Come on, come on
Come on ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ Everybody stand up ♪
♪ Everybody's fighting ♪
♪ But they're actually
Worried ♪
♪ Keep your head right up ♪
♪ To the sky ♪
♪ No matter when ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ No matter where you are ♪
♪ Just call me any time ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Happypeople's in the house ♪
♪ With a tough smile ♪
♪ We keep on living ♪
♪ Well... ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ In the house ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Mmm, happy ♪
KON:
Yo, how's everybody doing?
I'm your idol, Kon, and
this is the last installment
of the Soul Reaper guidebook.
Last but not least
is that legendary man.
By the way, the new Soul
Reaper golden dictionary
will begin right after
the next episode,
so be sure to keep
your eyes peeled for it.
RUKIA:
You mean there's more?